README.md, before:

# About

This project simulates Turing patterns, and then adapts Mecke's Minkowski 
measure method (for experimental Turing patterns) to a snapshot of the 
simulated result. This is done to quantitatively categorize the resulting
pattern. 


# Original Class Project Description
For the final project of Computational Physics we encourage you to define your
own project!

The only requirement we ask for is that it should be a simulation of a
physics-related project (but we consider physics-related rather broad, and e.g.
simulation of biological systems or an engineering problem are also absolutely
ok).
We do advise you though to start from a project where there is some existing literature.
in this way you have a starting point as well as something to compare your simulation to
for validation.

We encourage you to discuss your project idea with us during the time of class, 
or remotely via the planning issue #1. 

In any case, you need to fill in a short plan (a few lines) together with a
reference to literature in the planning issue, *and* have it agreed by us before
May 21 (i.e. latest two weeks before the presentation).

If you have problems to come up with a good project, we can provide you with
proven project ideas. But we first want you to try coming up with your own project!
Having designed your own project will also give a small bonus for the grade.

Commit message:

add about and acknowledgements to readme

README.md, after:

# About
This project simulates Turing patterns and applies a quantitative analysis 
(adapted from Mecke 1996) to a final snapshot of the simulation. This allows
for quantitative classification of patterns and enables statistical comparison
between our simuolated and Mecke's experimental results.

- **Final results & plots:** see the [presentation slides](./final_presentation.pptx)  
- **Main simulation file:** [`jupy_main.ipynb`](./jupy_main.ipynb), which includes:
  - simulation routines
  - plotting and animation
  - Minkowski analysis
  - statistical analysis functions

⚠️ **Note:** This codebase was built for academic use and demonstration.  
It has not been cleaned up for third-party use and requires adaptation.

## Acknowledgements
This project was originally developed together with [@collaborator-username](https://github.com/SophiaaW).


## Original Class Project Description
For the final project of Computational Physics we encourage you to define your
own project!

The only requirement we ask for is that it should be a simulation of a
physics-related project (but we consider physics-related rather broad, and e.g.
simulation of biological systems or an engineering problem are also absolutely
ok).
We do advise you though to start from a project where there is some existing literature.
in this way you have a starting point as well as something to compare your simulation to
for validation.

We encourage you to discuss your project idea with us during the time of class, 
or remotely via the planning issue #1. 

In any case, you need to fill in a short plan (a few lines) together with a
reference to literature in the planning issue, *and* have it agreed by us before
May 21 (i.e. latest two weeks before the presentation).

If you have problems to come up with a good project, we can provide you with
proven project ideas. But we first want you to try coming up with your own project!
Having designed your own project will also give a small bonus for the grade.
